Update dms_endpoint.html.markdown (#12899)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/dms_endpoint.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

* `certificate_arn` - (Optional, Default: empty string) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the certificate.

> * `database_name` - (Required) The name of the endpoint database.

Reviewer: Hi @gifkoek-fargo 👋 This argument is optional for many of the `engine_name` values. Please leave it optional, but feel free to insert additional information in the description.

```suggestion
* `database_name` - (Optional) The name of the endpoint database. Certain engines require this configuration, such as `aurora` and `aurora-postgresql`.
```

We hope to introduce better plan-time validation for this class of problem in the future.
